So when, when dealing with people who are suicidal or having those thoughts,
and after counseling with them and speaking with them, it's always
one of my first goals is toe is to connect them with somebody
that they trust. This could be an uncle could be a family member. It
could be a friend and to be kind of ah, a warm handoff individual and
yeah, allowing them to know that their confidence is safe with me.
But it's their choice to go outside of our circle to talk about that.
I would never go outside of anyone's circle unless they gave permission,
but to really encourage them because that individual is going
to be with them for for a little long haul. I maybe only station
there for a year, a year and a half or three years at the most. But
that individual that they choose, whether it's a family member or friend,
is going to be with them for the rest of her life.